{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
\fs24
\b Nocturnal Toolkit Project Notes\b0\par
\par
\b Current Identity\b0\par
TN Toolkit is now a Tauri 2 + Rust + React project for macOS, Windows, and Android.\par
Official URL: https://toolkit.team-nocturnal.com\par
Forum thread: https://forums.wbodytech.com/%E2%9A%A1-nocturnal-toolkit-by-team-nocturnal.t239/\par
\par
\b Current Positioning\b0\par
- Desktop build is the main control center for ADB, Fastboot, app installs, file browsing, backups, maintenance, TV tools, Quest tools, and ROM workflows.\par
- Android build is intentionally mobile-first and local-device-first instead of mirroring the desktop UI exactly.\par
- Desktop and Android should stay separated where platform-specific UX makes more sense.\par
\par
\b Release State\b0\par
- Current version: 2.0.0-beta.6\par
- macOS build output: TN Toolkit.app and TN Toolkit_2.0.0-beta.6_aarch64.dmg\par
- Android APK/AAB packaging is working, but macOS signing and notarization are still pending.\par
\par
\b Important Git Note\b0\par
The repository history was reset to a clean single-root history so there is no legacy AI contributor trail in GitHub history.\par
All commits should use:\par
XsMagical\par
XsMagical@Team-Nocturnal.com\par
\par
\b Current README / Repo Messaging\b0\par
The GitHub README has been rewritten to reflect the modern project and should be kept aligned with the official site and forum post.\par
\par
\b UI / Product Notes\b0\par
- Desktop sidebar now uses Getting Started, Apps, Devices, Media, Power Tools, Pro Tools, and Help.\par
- File Browser is restored as its own direct panel.\par
- Backup & Restore, Maintenance, Tweaks, Quest Tools, and ROM Tools were reorganized for cleaner flow.\par
- Pro Tools now contains deeper ADB and advanced functionality.\par
- Media section is being cleaned up into clearer device/media groupings.\par
\par
\b Known Pending Items\b0\par
\b Desktop\b0\par
- Custom macOS drag-to-Applications installer UI.\par
- macOS signing + notarization.\par
- Better true low-latency device mirroring / live stream pipeline.\par
\par
\b Android\b0\par
- Finish Android window inset handling across devices.\par
- Continue improving Android maintenance flows and result summaries.\par
- Continue polishing tablet / landscape behavior where needed.\par
\par
\b Quest Tools\b0\par
- Add Lightning Launcher support.\par
\par
\b Media / TV\b0\par
- Remaining media apps still on backlog: RealStream, Stream Cinema, iMPlayer, TiviMate, VidHub, SportzX, TIDAL, Fandango at Home, Apple TV.\par
- Verify the remaining unidentified screenshot-based media tiles before adding them.\par
\par
\b Build / Cleanup Notes\b0\par
- Generated build output can get very large. Safe cleanup targets include:\par
  src-tauri/target\par
  dist\par
  src-tauri/gen/android/app/build\par
  src-tauri/gen/android/build\par
- These folders can be deleted anytime before rebuilding.\par
\par
\b General Direction\b0\par
Keep TN Toolkit feeling like a polished power-user utility, not a loose collection of random panels. Prefer grouping by actual workflow and avoid duplicate tools in multiple places.\par
}
